More documentation fixes/rewrites (#201)
dappnode/DAppNodeDocs: docs/user/faq/troubleshooting.md

  <div>
    <div>
    If it is your first time trying to access your DAppNode, please try one of the following steps:
    <br /><br />
<ul>
    <li>If you are connected to the same network as your DappNode via wired Ethernet, try to access the UI using the address <a href="http://dappnode.local">http://dappnode.local</a></li>
    <li>If you've bought a DAppNode or installed it on a machine with integrated Wi-Fi, try to access the Wi-Fi hotspot 'DAppNodeWifi'.</li>
</ul>

If all of the above does not work, visit our <a href="https://discord.com/invite/dappnode">Discord</a> and ask for help in the #support channel.
</div>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Why can't I connect to my DAppNode via VPN?</summary>
  <div>
    <div>
    If you have set up OpenVPN and you cant access your DAppNode, remember that you might need to set up port forwarding on your router. Sometimes the feature called 'UPnP' enables these ports on your router automatically but this sometimes does not work or is not available on your router.
    <br /><br />

To do this, you need to access your router configuration and "port-forward" the following ports: TCP Port 8092 and UDP Port 1194. 

> In case you have set up Wireguard, you might have to create two profiles:

Reviewer: port forwarding issue occurs here too sometimes just less so so mention make sure port 51820 is open

Author: Agreed! Will add that, too!

<ul>
    <li>A Local profile: This profile is used when you are connecting from within the same network that the DAppNode resides in.</li>
    <li> A Remote profile: This profile is used when you are connecting from a different network than the one where your DAppNode resides in.</li>
</ul>

>   When you create the VPN profiles, there is a link that generates the profile for either local usage or remote usage.

Reviewer: Not the case with wireguard, the preferred VPN

Reviewer: no link generated that is.

Author: When checking a Wireguard profile, there is the option to `Show local credentials`. I will attach a screenshot here to make it easier to understand.

Reviewer: most of these guides are about CLI setup

Author: Could you explain what you mean here? Basic troubleshooting guides should probably not be about CLI setup and since there's an option in the GUI, telling the users about it is a good way to go I'd wager. I've since added a screenshot showing the option. @alexpeterson91

Author: And reworded that sentence a bit

Reviewer: Agreed but I'm going off of what's already on this page. There's multiple CLI arguments already here.

Reviewer: And most of the troubleshooting issues where you can't access your machine do require direct console or privileged SSH access. Yeah GUI comes first when troubleshooting but I'd wager most access issues people have keep them from getting to the adminUI

Author: I tend to disagree that there are a lot of CLI steps in this document as of right now but I agree that we need to discuss CLI based recovery steps as well. I wouldn't wanna cram it into this PR though. I will see what I can do and open a seperate one.

  <br /><br />
You can also check out our guides on how to configure VPN access <a href="/user/guides/access/vpn">here</a>.
</div>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Can I recover a lost admin password?</summary>
  <div>
    <div>
    You can not outright recover your admin password but you can regain access to your DAppNode if you wrote down the recovery token provided during the inital setup. 
    <br /><br />
    More about the initial setup can be found <a href="/user/quick-start/first-steps">here</a>
    <br /><br />
</div>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>How do I recover a lost admin password using my recovery token?</summary>
  <div>
    <div>
    Visit the login page of your DAppNode:
    <br /><br />
    <p align="center">

>     <img src="../../../img/login.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src="../../../static/img/login.png"/>
```
this is why images arent rendering, the path is wrong on like all images and needs this change for each image, should be done in a single PR/ i think though since its throughout the docs

Author: Running docusaurus with yarn start locally shows no missing images with the current path (no static in path).

Author: https://docusaurus.io/docs/static-assets 

Says: `the image /static/img/docusaurus.png will be served at /img/docusaurus.png`

    </p>

You will then see the option 'Forgot password?' underneath the 'Login' button. Once you click that, a new input field will appear where you can input your recovery token. We will use <code>4LMB9w3l50Yljwr6bIgQ</code> in this example.
<p align="center">

>     <img src="../../../img/reset_password_with_recovery_token.png"/>

Author: Running docusaurus with `yarn start` locally displays the images without an issue with the current path (no static in path).

</p>
If you have entered the correct recovery token, you'll then be prompted to enter a new admin password.
<br /><br />
<p align="center">

>     <img src="../../../img/sign_in_image.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src="../../../static/img/sign_in_image.png"/>
```

Author: Running docusaurus with `yarn start` locally displays the images without an issue with the current path (no static in path).

</p>
Once you've filled out those fields and pressed 'Register', your DAppNode will once again provide you a recovery token. <b>Do not forget to write down and save this one!</b>
<p align="center">

>     <img src="../../../img/recovery_token.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src="../../../static/img/recovery_token.png"/>
```

Author: Running docusaurus with `yarn start` locally displays the images without an issue with the current path (no static in path).

</p>

</div>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>What do I do if I lost the password AND my token?!</summary>
  <div>
    <div>

> In the case where you have lost both the password and the recovery token, we will need either SSH or local access to the DAppNode machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case where you have lost both the password and the recovery token, you will need either SSH or local access to the DAppNode machine.
```

Reviewer: i think we should have all references be to you not we as we dont want to confused people thinking the team has access or control

<br /><br />

> Once we are connected to our DAppNode, we type the next command which prints the recovery token to the terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are connected to your DAppNode, type the following command which prints the recovery token to the terminal:
```

```
cat /usr/src/dappnode/DNCORE/admin-recovery-token.txt ; echo
```

The command does the following:

> - We read the admin-recover-token.txt file where the token is saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reads the admin-recover-token.txt file where the token is saved.
```

- The <code>; echo</code> is used to make it easier to read and copy the token.

> After inserting the command above, we obtain the recovery token and use that one to recover our admin access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After inserting the command above, you can obtain the recovery token and use that one to recover your admin access.
```

> In the question above you can check out how to use your token to regain access.

Reviewer: saying the question above is confusing, can you link back up to the section? im not the best with markdown.

Author: Yup, thats a leftover artifact from before rewriting it. Missed that one! Thank you.

Author: Done!

</div>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>How do I force update my DAppNode without losing data?</summary>
  <div>
    <div>
    If you are experiencing an issue or just want to make sure you are running the latest DAppNode version, execute this command below in the DAppNode terminal. 
    <br /><br />

>     This will update the core packages to the latest versions without erasing any data from your DAppNode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This will update the core packages to the latest versions without erasing any data from your DAppNode.
    ⚠️ This will clear any EXTRA_OPTS fields, but no chain data, keys, or other configurations will be affected
```
